warn for invalid keys for components (#7134)
RasaHQ/rasa: changelog/6966.improvement.md

> Added warning for when an option is provided for a component that is not listed as a key in the defaults for that component.

Reviewer: can we add the link to the documentation for `Component`s please?

> Added warning for when an option is provided for a component that is not listed as a key in the defaults for that component.

Author: ```suggestion
Added warning for when an option is provided for a [component](https://rasa.com/docs/rasa/components) that is not listed as a key in the defaults for that component.
```

> Added warning for when an option is provided for a [component](https://rasa.com/docs/rasa/components) that is not listed as a key in the defaults for that component.

Reviewer: please use the relative path
```suggestion
Added warning for when an option is provided for a [component](components.mdx) that is not listed as a key in the defaults for that component.
```
